hey everybody this prima games video
will show you how to be successful
playing team deathmatch in Grand Theft
Auto online team deathmatch in Grand
Theft Auto is very similar to other
games that use this popular game-mode
each team is made up of at least two
players who have to try and reach a
certain number of kills before the
opposition if you die you respawn back
into the game before you begin the match
you will be given several options you
get to choose your starting weapon as
well as if you want to purchase
ammunition and armor feel free to
purchase ammunition but don't bother
with the armor sure it provides you with
additional protection but only for one
life once you die you respawn without
the armor that's a couple hundred bucks
you'll never see again
once the round starts take a quick look
at your radar there are numerous health
armor and weapons that you can pick up
if you're close to something feel free
to go for it but don't risk your life
over a bit of armor or an extra magazine
Grand Theft Auto online features a
targeting system that allows players to
lock-on when aiming near enemies we
would never encourage someone to camp
but use your environment is cover move
from cover to cover as you advance if
you walk up the middle of the street
chances are even the best armor won't
save you you're also gonna want to
consider keeping yourself off the
mini-map regardless of whether you're
using the ps3 or the xbox360 press down
on the left dick to enter stealth mode
this will keep you off enemy radar but
you will move much slower also keep in
mind that when firing a weapon that
doesn't have a suppressor equipped you
will show up on the radar using stealth
mode as an excellent tactic for flanking
the opposing team when choosing the
perfect weapon you need to consider the
situation you're in we would suggest
starting off with something like an SMG
which will allow you to be effective in
short to medium distance engagements if
you find yourself going room to room or
in close quarter combat try the
sawed-off shotgun not only will the
spread help you hit your target in most
cases the sawed-off shotgun is a one
shot one kill weapon you'll also want to
keep your grenade in mind for when you
come across a group of enemies huddled
together there you have it you're well
on your way to victory and
Deathmatch of Grand Theft Auto online
for more information be sure to check
out WWE Gamescom if you're on twitter
you can follow at prima games or if you
prefer facebook like us at WWF
facebook.com slash prima games let us
know in the comments below what is your
favorite game mode and Grand Theft Auto
online